Update (#68)
OpenVoiceOS/community-docs: docs/ht_skills_config.md

# Skill Configuration
Each skill will have its own config file usually located at `~/.local/share/mycroft/skills/<skill_id>`

Skill settings provide the ability for users to configure a Skill using the command line or a web-based interface.

This is often used to:

- Change default behaviors - such as the sound used for users alarms.
- Authenticate with external services - such as Spotify

> - Enter longer data as text rather than by voice - such as the IP address of the users Home Assistant server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enter longer data as text rather than by voice - such as the IP address and token of the user's Home Assistant server.
```
